Cover and titles
================
Learn how to easily set a family budget to better manage your money, get valuable savings, and reduce debt.
•	Create a new accounting file
•	Adapt the Accounts table
•	Adapt the Categories table
•	Create your budget
•	Compare budgeted expenditure and revenue
•	Enter transactions
•	Compare the yearly report to the budget

Voice
=====
Welcome to Banana Accounting.
This short video, will explain you how to create a family budget using the cash book.

Start with the creation of a new file.
Click on the New icon in the toolbar.
Choose a region and a language, Universal-English.
Continue by choosing the category Private.
Select the type Cash Manager.
Finally, select the model " Family budget and Household accounts".

In the following window, enter some property of the accounting file.
Change the name, the opening date, the closing date and the base currency.

Adapt the Accounts table.
The account for liquidity management is entered in the Accounts table.
You can enter one account only.
Change the account number, the description and the opening balance according to your needs.

Adapt the Categories table.
The Revenue and Expenses accounts are entered in the Categories table.
Generally, they are divided into Revenue, Fixed Costs, Variable Costs and Cost Centers.

Create your budget.
In this table are entered the various revenues and expenses that you will have to incur during the year.
Start with the revenues.
Under the heading fixed revenues, enter for example your monthly salary.
Switch now to the expenses.
Under the heading fixed costs, enter for example the monthly rent.
Do the same for extra expenses.
Under the heading extra costs, enter for example the monthly expense for restaurants.

Compare budgeted expenditure and revenue.
To complete the budget, now you need to compare estimated revenue and expenditure by printing the Yearly Budget.
From the menu, select Account1, Enhanced statement with groups, and Yearly budget.
Check the final result to make sure it is positive, which means that you are handling your money well.

Enter the accounting transactions.
You can now start to register the real movements of your liquidity, and compare them from time to time with the budget's values.

Yearly report and budget comparison.
At the end of the year you can make the final comparison between the actual report and the starting budget.
In this way you will have the opportunity to see if you have managed to get the savings that you had budgeted.
Generate the control report from the menu Account1, Enhanced statement with groups, Yearly report compared to budget.
Also here, check the final result to make sure it is positive.

Congratulations!
You created your family budget with the cash book.

For more information, visit banana.ch.


