Income & Expense Accounting 
收益 & 费用核算

Welcome to Banana Accounting!
欢迎使用Banana财务会计软件！
This video shows you how to create an Income and Expense Accounting.
该视频将向您展示如何创建一个收益 &费用核算文件。
Compared to double-entry accounting, it is the easiest and most intuitive method to use, which also provides complete and professional results.
与复式记账相比，它是最简单，最直观的记账方法，并可提供完整专业的结果。

Start with the creation of a new file 
从创建新文件开始
Click on the "New" icon in the toolbar 
点击工具栏内的新建图标，
Choose a region and a language
选择地区及语言，
The category “All”
类别：全选
and the desired type of accounting "Income and Expense Accounting" or "Income and Expense Accounting with VAT"
在类型中选择：收益 & 费用核算，或者收益 & 费用核算含增值税
Finally, choose the template that best suits your activity 
最后，选择适合您的模板。
In the popped out window change the name, the opening and closing date, and the basic currency
在跳出的窗口中编辑名称，开账日期和结账日期，以及记账本位币。

Adapt the accounts table 
编辑账户表
The Accounts table shows the asset accounts, which can be customized according to your needs
账户表内包含资产帐户，您可以根据需求对其进行编辑。
For example, you can change the account numbers, or the description
例如，您可以修改账号或摘要。 
You can enter the initial balance in the "Opening" column 
您可以在期初列内输入初始余额。
You can add accounts 
您可以添加账户
And eliminate the ones you don't need
删除不需要的账户

Adapt the categories table 
编辑科目表格
The Categories table includes the revenue and expenses accounts 
科目表格中包含收入和费用的账户
you can also change the numbers and the category descriptions 
您可以更改科目号码和摘要
you can add data that relevant to your business
您可以添加与您业务相关的数据
and eliminate the ones you don't need
删除不需要的

Create your budget
创建预算
In the Budget table, you can insert the estimated income and expenses for the indicated year.
在预算表格中，您可以输入指定年份的预估收入额和支出额。
Start by listing your monthly expenses:
首先列出您的每月支出:
For example, insert the office rent with date, the repeat, the description, the expenses, the account and the category
例如，输入含日期的办公室租金，重复性的费用，摘要，费用，账户和科目
Same operation for your employees' salaries
对于员工工资使用相同的操作
You can use the same procedure for the monthly revenue, for example, enter one of the estimated income of the indicated date.
您可以对月收入进行相同的操作，例如，输入一个指定日期的预估收入。

Enter the transactions 
输入发生业务
In the Transactions table enter the actual accounting movements.
在发生业务表格内输入实际的会计业务往来
The procedure is immediate and very similar to the budget table:
与预算表格内的操作高度相似：
Enter the date, the description, the incoming or outgoing amount, the account and the category to which the income or expense is attributed
输入日期，摘要，收入或支出的金额，账户以及收入或费用所归属的科目
Repeat this operation for all movements
对所有的会计业务往来重复此操作
In this table, you can also import bank transactions data and link to digital receipts. Select Account1 -> Import to accounting.
在此表格中，您还可以导入银行对账单的数据并链接到数字收据。从报表(1)菜单中，选择导入到账套的命令。
As you can see, here is also the column for cost centers.
您可以看见这里也有成本中心列。
The cost centers are defined in the accounts table with descriptions.
账户表格中包含成本中心及摘要。
You can use them for certain movements to a specific customer.
您可以将它们用于特定客户的某些业务往来。
After entering the accounting transactions, the program will automatically update the accounts and categories balances, and you can immediately make a comparison to the budget balances.
在输入会计发生业务后，程序将自动更新账户和科目的余额，您可以立即将其与预算余额进行比较。

Reports and budget comparison
财务报表和预算的比较
Print your reports including past, present and future data of your accounting.
打印报告，包括会计账套的过去，现在和将来的数据。
You can compare the estimated data with the actual data at any time.
您可以随时将预估数据与实际数据进行比较。
From the menu, select Account1 -> Enhanced statement with group, and choose the type of report that is most suitable for you.
从报表(1)菜单中，选择按组生成报表的命令，再从中选择最符合您所需的报告类型。

By following this step, you can control if the actual business is in line with your budget plan.
通过执行此步骤，您可以监控实际业务是否符合预算计划。
For more information please visit www.banana.ch
了解更多的信息，请访问：www.banana.ch
