Family Budget
家庭预算


Cover and titles
================
Learn how to easily set a family budget to better manage your money, get valuable savings, and reduce debt.
了解如何轻松设定家庭预算，更好地管理您的资金，用来获得可观的储蓄并减少债务。
•	Create a new accounting file
创建一个新的会计文件
•	Adapt the Accounts table
客制化账户表格
•	Adapt the Categories table
客制化科目表格
•	Create your budget
创建您的预算
•	Compare budgeted expenditure and revenue
比较预算的收入和费用
•	Enter transactions
输入发生业务
•	Compare the yearly report to the budget
将年度报告与预算进行比较

Voice
=====
Welcome to Banana Accounting.
欢迎使用Banana财务会计软件。
This short video, will explain you how to create a family budget using the cash book.
在这个短视频中，将为您解释如何使用现金日记账来创建家庭预算。

Start with the creation of a new file.
从创建一个新的会计文件开始。
Click on the New icon in the toolbar.
点击工具栏内的新建图标，
Choose a region and a language, Universal-English.
选择地区及语言，
Continue by choosing the category Private.
在类别内选择：私人，
Select the type Cash Manager.
在类型下选择：现金日记账。
Finally, select the model " Family budget and Household accounts".
然后在软件右侧选择适合您的模板。
In the following window, enter some property of the accounting file.
在跳出的：文件和账户属性窗口中输入一些基本的设置。
Change the name, the opening date, the closing date and the base currency.
更改名称，开账日期和结账日期，以及记账本位币。

Adapt the Accounts table.
客制化账户表格。
The account for liquidity management is entered in the Accounts table.
在账户表格中输入用于流动性管理的帐户。
You can enter one account only.
您只能输入一个账号。
Change the account number, the description and the opening balance according to your needs.
并根据您的需要更改账号，摘要和初期余额。

Adapt the Categories table.
客制化科目表格。
The Revenue and Expenses accounts are entered in the Categories table.
在科目表格中输入收入和费用的帐户
Generally, they are divided into Revenue, Fixed Costs, Variable Costs and Cost Centers.
通常，我们将其分为收入，固定费用，各种其它费用和成本中心。

Create your budget.
创建您的预算。
In this table are entered the various revenues and expenses that you will have to incur during the year.
在此表格中，输入您在一年中必须产生的各种收入和费用。
Start with the revenues.
从收入开始。
Under the heading fixed revenues, enter for example your monthly salary.
在固定收入下，输入例如：您的月薪。
Switch now to the expenses.
现在切换到费用。
Under the heading fixed costs, enter for example the monthly rent.
在固定费用下，输入例如：每月的租金。
Do the same for extra expenses.
对于额外费用使用相同的操作。
Under the heading extra costs, enter for example the monthly expense for restaurants.
在额外费用下，输入例如：饭店的每月费用。

Compare budgeted expenditure and revenue.
比较预算的收入和费用。
To complete the budget, now you need to compare estimated revenue and expenditure by printing the Yearly Budget.
要完成预算，现在您需要通过打印年度预算来比较预估的收入和费用。
From the menu, select Account1, Enhanced statement with groups, and Yearly budget.
从报表(1)菜单中，选择按组生成报表的命令，再从中选择年度预算。
Check the final result to make sure it is positive, which means that you are handling your money well.
检查最终结果以确保结果是正的值，这意味着您对金钱有不错的管理。

Enter the accounting transactions.
输入发生业务。
You can now start to register the real movements of your liquidity, and compare them from time to time with the budget's values.
现在，您可以开始记录流动性业务的实际变动情况，并可随时将其与预算值进行比较。

Yearly report and budget comparison.
年度报告和预算的比较。
At the end of the year you can make the final comparison between the actual report and the starting budget.
在年底时，您可以把实际情况的报告和起始预算值进行一个最终的比较。
In this way you will have the opportunity to see if you have managed to get the savings that you had budgeted.
这样，您将有机会查看是否已获得在预算中计划节省的金额。
Generate the control report from the menu Account1, Enhanced statement with groups, Yearly report compared to budget.
从报表(1)菜单中，选择按组生成报表的命令，再从中选择年度预算与报告比较。
Also here, check the final result to make sure it is positive.
在这里，请检查最终结果，以确保其值为正数。

Congratulations!
恭喜！
You created your family budget with the cash book.
您已成功使用现金日记账创建了家庭预算。

For more information, visit banana.ch.
了解更多的信息，请访问 banana.ch。
