Income & Expense Accounting 

Welcome to Banana Accounting!
This video shows you how to create an Income and Expense Accounting.
Compared to double-entry accounting, it is the easiest and most intuitive method to use, which also provides complete and professional results.

Start with the creation of a new file 
Click on the "New" icon in the toolbar 
Choose a region and a language
The category “All”
and the desired type of accounting "Income and Expense Accounting" or "Income and Expense Accounting with VAT"
Finally, choose the template that best suits your activity 
In the popped out window change the name, the opening and closing date, and the basic currency

Adapt the accounts table 
The Accounts table shows the asset accounts, which can be customized according to your needs
For example, you can change the account numbers, or the description 
You can enter the initial balance in the "Opening" column 
You can add accounts 
And eliminate the ones you don't need

Adapt the categories table 
The Categories table includes the revenue and expenses accounts 
you can also change the numbers and the category descriptions 
you can add data that relevant to your business
and eliminate the ones you don't need

Create your budget
In the Budget table, you can insert the estimated income and expenses for the indicated year.
Start by listing your monthly expenses:
For example, insert the office rent with date, the repeat, the description, the expenses, the account and the category
Same operation for your employees' salaries
You can use the same procedure for the monthly revenue, for example, enter one of the estimated income of the indicated date.

Enter the transactions 
In the Transactions table enter the actual accounting movements.
The procedure is immediate and very similar to the budget table:
Enter the date, the description, the incoming or outgoing amount, the account and the category to which the income or expense is attributed
Repeat this operation for all movements
In this table, you can also import bank transactions data and link to digital receipts. Select Account1 -> Import to accounting.
After entering the accounting transactions, the program will automatically update the accounts and categories balances, and you can immediately make a comparison to the budget balances.

Reports and budget comparison
Print your reports including past, present and future data of your accounting.
You can compare the estimated data with the actual data at any time.
From the menu, select Account1 -> Enhanced statement with group, and choose the type of report that is most suitable for you.
By following this step, you can control if the actual business is in line with your budget plan.

For more information please visit www.banana.ch

