Image for cover						
	
	#1 How to get started – 如何开始记账
	
	How to get started – 如何开始记账





Slides with titles
	
	1. Create the accounting file – 新建会计文件
								
	2. Customize the accounting plan – 自定义会计科目表
								
	3. Enter transactions – 输入发生业务
								
	… and your accounting is ready! …这样便建成了一个新的会计账套！
								
	Congratulations!
	You have created your first Banana Accounting file
恭喜！
同时也完成了您的第一个Banana财务会计文件。

								
	For more information visit our website
详情请访问我们的官网。






Voice content

      Welcome to Banana Accounting!
      This short video will explain you how to start a new accounting.

欢迎使用Banana财务会计软件！
此视频会为您说明如何快速建立会计账套。


      First step: create the accounting file. – 第一步: 新建会计文件。
      Click on the New icon in the toolbar. 点击文件菜单内的新建图标。
      Choose a region and a language by selecting for example “China-Chinese”. 通过地区及语言来选择中文模板。
      Continue by choosing the category of the accounting, like Business.
然后进行类别的选择，例如“公司”
      Select then the accounting type, like Double-entry. 
之后选择记账的类型，例如“复式记账”
      And finally, from the list of the models select the one that best suits your needs, like for example <template name here>.
最后，从右侧不同的模板中选择适合您需求的，例如“公司会计”

      In the following window, enter some property of the accounting file.
      Change the name, the opening date, the closing date and the base currency.
在跳出的“文件和账户属性”窗口中，您可以编辑文件的名称，开账和结账日期，以及记账本位币。
         
      Second step: adapt the accounting plan.
第二步，根据需求更改模板内的数据。

      Edit the existing rows of the table: change accounts numbers, descriptions, opening balances, and more, or simply add new accounts rows according to your personal needs.
重新编辑行内的信息：例如更改账号，摘要，初期等，或者直接添加新的行，填写您所需的数据。
         
      Third step: enter the accounting transactions.
      Add your own transactions and keep your accounting movements under control.
第三步：输入发生业务。
添加您所需的业务，轻松管理各项业务往来。
      
      Professional results with one click!
一键快速生成专业的会计报告!

      Reports such as balance sheet, profit and loss statement, account cards, cash book, summary and VAT report only need a moment to get generated.
一秒即可生成资产负债表，损益表，账户明细，现金账簿，会计报表，及增值税报告等。

      Congratulations!
      You have created your first Banana Accounting file.
      恭喜！
这样就轻松完成了您的第一个Banana财务会计文件。

      For more information, visit banana.c h.
详情请访问我们的官网:banana.ch
三w点banana点ch



